This Policy applies between you, the User of this Web Site and MaxAPEX the owner and provider of this Web Site. This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of the Web Site and our Services. This Policy was last updated on the 04 October 2020.

MaxAPEX is committed to ensuring complete protection and privacy of any data shared by our customers. This Privacy Policy pertains to all kinds of information provided by the customers to, or collected by, the Company.

For your further visits to our website, we would like to inform you about data collection, processing and use when visiting, registering and using our service. As well as objection, revocation and other rights to which you are entitled as a person affected by data collection and use.

This we do in compliance with the applicable data protection legislation and have committed to a vast selection of Privacy Laws form across the globe based on our customer base. In particular we adhere to the;

The Controller
California Consumer Privacy Act(CCPA),
EU General Data Protection Regulation(GDPR),
Canada`s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act(PIPEDA),
Australia`s Privacy Act 1988 (PrivacyAct),
Singapore`s Personal Data Protection Act 2012(PDPA)
MaxAPEX is the Controller of your personal data.
Accuracy
It is important that the data we hold about you is accurate and current, therefore please keep us informed of any changes to your personal data.
Children Data
Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
What is personal data?
Personal data refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Personal Data”).
What data do we collect?
What data do we collect?
We may collect data or ask you to provide certain data when you use our website and services. The sources from which we collect Personal Data are:
Data collected directly from you or your device relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Data Subject”) and may include direct identifiers such as name, address, email address, phone number and Location.
Data collected online or through indirect identifiers such as login account number, login password, payment details, or IP address.
Data collected that is linked, for example if you have used our service and later choose us again, we will link your data and treat that linked data as Personal Data.
We organize collected Personal Data as Account Data and Billing Data.

Account Data is everything we need to set up your account and includes your email address and username, and information connected with our services, such as your First and Last Name, your Business address and phone number.
Billing data is everything we need to set up your payment including your name, email address, masked credit card number and in certain circumstances, your billing address and your phone number if this is not already collected.
As described above, we link data and if we have already collected some of your data, we will only ask you for the remaining data that is necessary to carry out the service contracted for.
MaxAPEX may also collect information relating to your computer hardware and software. This may include service usage, IP address, browser type, access types, domain names, and referring web addresses. These information are used by MaxAPEX to maintain or improve quality of service, and to gain general information regarding use of services provided by us.
Please note that MaxAPEX is not responsible for any disclosure of information through the MaxAPEX’s public message boards that may be seen by others. MaxAPEX is also not responsible for any information gathered about the customers by third parties using online services and tools.

How personal data is collected
We collect personal data in the following ways:
Direct interactions
you may provide personal data when you complete online forms, request products/services, subscribe to our services, create a user account, join our mailing list, use our feedback form or otherwise or correspond with us.
Automated technology
we automatically collect personal data (technical and usage) when you browse or interact with our website, by using cookies, and other similar technologies. We may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites which use our cookies.

On what grounds do we use Personal Data?
We use your Personal Data for the following purposes and on the following grounds: On the basis of fulfilling our contract (when you buy our service)
On the basis of your consent (when you subscribe to our newsletter)
On the basis of legal obligations (for obligations such as tax, accounting, anti-money laundering, or when a court or other authority asks us to)
On the basis of our legitimate interest (for communications about security, privacy and performance improvements of our services. Or for establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights.)
Of course, before relying on any of those legitimate interests we balance them against your interests and make sure they are compelling enough and will not cause any unwarranted harm.

When do we disclose your Personal Data?
We disclose your Personal Data in response to your business enquiry or your request for information within our Company in order to provide the best service possible and within our legitimate interest.
We may share your information with organizations that help us provide the services described in this Data Protection Policy and who may process such data on our behalf and in accordance with this Data Protection Policy, to support this website and our services. For example, with our legal other professional advisors.

We may also share information with our secure payment gateway provider 2Checkout.com, and you may need to provide credit or debit card information directly to the provider in order to process payment details and authorize payment following a secure link. The information which you supply to in such cases is not within our control and is subject to 2Checkout.com‘s own Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.

We may also share information with our Domain Registrars and SSL certificate providers.
In relation to information obtained about you from your use of our website, we may share a cookie identifier and IP data with analytic and advertising network services providers to assist us in the improvement and optimization of our website which is subject to our Cookies Policy.

We may disclose personal information in other circumstances such as when you agree to it or if the law, a Court order, a legal obligation or regulatory authority ask us to. If the purpose is the prevention of fraud or crime or if it is necessary to protect and defend our right, property or personal safety of our staff, the website and its users.

Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.

Your Rights
You have the right to:
Information about the processing of your personal data.
Obtain access to the personal data held about you.
Ask for incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete personal data to be corrected.
Request that personal data be erased when it’s no longer needed or if processing it is unlawful.
Object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes or on grounds relating to your particular situation.
Request the restriction of the processing of your personal data in specific cases.
Receive your personal data in a machine-readable format and send it to another controller (‘data portability’).
Request that decisions based on automated processing concerning you or significantly affecting you and based on your personal data are made by natural persons, not only by computers. You also have the right in this case to express your point of view and to contest the decision.
Where the processing of your personal information is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time through our contact.
How do we protect your Personal Data?
We protect your data using state of the art technical, and physical safeguards and operate a firm system of policies, confidentiality agreements, digital safeguards and procedures to ensure the highest level of administrative protection.
In more detail to access our database the user must be authorised, is challenged through a two-way authentication system and use an encrypted VPN. Also, the removal of Personal Data from our location is forbidden and made by using a complex encryption system very difficult. We use up-to-date firewall protection. Moreover, authorised personnel must have a legitimate need to know interest such as being your point of contact or service your user account.
The data we collect from you may be stored, with appropriate technical and organisational security measures applied to it, on our servers. In all cases, we follow generally high data protection standards and advanced security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any questions or complaints about our use of your Personal Data and this policy, please contact us using our contact form.

Automated decision-making and profiling
We do not use automation for decision-making and profiling.


California Privacy Rights
Sources and Categories of collected personal information
(you can find all sources and categories of collected personal information above).

Categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information
(you can find all categories of recipients of personal information listed above).

To obtain the information about data we hold about you or to effect the opt out, please write us through contact us form.

Do Not Track
Do Not Track is a privacy preference you can set in most browsers. We support Do Not Track because we believe that you should have genuine control over how your info gets used and our site responds to Do Not Track requests.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell information that directly identifies you, like your name, address, social security number, banking information, or phone records. In fact, we do not even share that type of information except with service providers who can use the information solely to provide a service on our behalf, when a consumer directs us to share the information.

Personal Identity Information (PII) Statement
Commercial Partners: Individual(s) or companies that have been approved by us as a recipient of organizational PII and from which MaxAPEX has received confirmation of their data protection practices conformance with the requirements of this policy. Commercial Partners include all external providers of services to MaxAPEX and include proposed Commercial Partners. No PII information can be transmitted to any vendor in any method unless the vendor has been pre-certified for the receipt of such information.

Data Breaches/Notification: Databases or data sets that include PII may be breached inadvertently or through wrongful intrusion. Upon becoming aware of a data breach, MaxAPEX will notify all affected individuals whose PII data may have been compromised, and the notice will be accompanied by a description of action being taken to reconcile any damage as a result of the data breach. Notices will be provided as expeditiously as possible and in no event be later than the commencement of the payroll period after which the breach was discovered.

Confirmation of Confidentiality: All company employees must maintain the confidentiality of PII as well as company proprietary data to which they may have access and understand that that such PII is to be restricted to only those with a business need to know. Employees with ongoing access to such data will sign acknowledgement reminders annually attesting to their understanding of this company requirement.

Violations of PII Policies and Procedures: MaxAPEX views the protection of PII data to be of the utmost importance. Infractions of this policy or its procedures will result in disciplinary actions under MaxAPEX’s discipline policy and may include suspension or termination in the case of severe or repeat violations. PII violations and disciplinary actions are incorporated in MaxAPEX’s PII onboarding and refresher training to reinforce MaxAPEX’s continuing commitment to ensuring that this data is protected by the highest standards.


Domain Name Registration Information
In accordance with the provisions of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”), certain information regarding the domain name information has to be available to the public. The information can be accessed by any person using “WHO IS” queries. WHOIS is a database containing lists of domain name and contact information regarding the registrant including, but not limited to, the server name, domain name creation date, expiry period, and others. In some cases, you may receive solicitation email from users that obtain contact information gathered from WHOIS database. MaxAPEX is not responsible, in any way, for any SPAM or other solicitation email sent by a third party.
MaxAPEX is required to disclose WHOIS information to a third party that enters into bulk access agreement. ICANN provisions allow individuals to opt out of making their information available in the WHOIS database to third parties through bulk access. However, ICANN do not allow companies, and other similar organizations, to opt out of making the information available to a third party through bulk access.
MaxAPEX discloses customer information to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on MaxAPEX’s behalf or to provide services available to MaxAPEX customers, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of the employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of the home country of MaxAPEX. By using MaxAPEX’s products and services, you agree to the transfer of such information to them.
MaxAPEX will not rent or sell personally-identifying information to anyone. MaxAPEX will disclose personally identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request.
MaxAPEX agrees to take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personally-identifying information.

Changes
This Data Protection Policy and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal data can result in changes to this Data Protection Policy. Please regularly review this Data Protection Policy to keep up to date with any changes.

Queries and Complaints
Any comments or queries on this policy should be directed to us using the following contact details.

If you believe that we have not complied with this policy or acted otherwise than in accordance with data protection law, then you should notify us.
